model-registry: add YAML manifest example for creating InferenceService (#4048)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/model-registry/getting-started.md

ks_client = kserve.KServeClient()
ks_client.create(isvc)
```
Alternatively, you can create the same InferenceService using a YAML manifest:

```yaml
apiVersion: serving.kserve.io/v1beta1
kind: InferenceService
metadata:
  name: iris-model

>   namespace: kubeflow  # Replace if different from kserve.utils.get_default_target_namespace()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  namespace: kubeflow-user-example-com  # Replace if different from kserve.utils.get_default_target_namespace()
```

I'd replace this with the one for the user workload where typically everything is run/created based on standard installation example

  labels:
    modelregistry/registered-model-id: "MODEL_ID"    # Replace with actual model.id value
    modelregistry/model-version-id: "VERSION_ID"      # Replace with actual version.id value
spec:
  predictor:
    model:
      storageUri: "model-registry://iris/v1"  # protocol format: model-registry://{modelName}/{modelVersion}
      modelFormat:

>         name: "MODEL_FORMAT_NAME"          # Replace with actual art.model_format_name (e.g., "sklearn")
>         version: "MODEL_FORMAT_VERSION"    # Replace with actual art.model_format_version (e.g., "1")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        name: "sklearn"          # Replace if needed with art.model_format_name from model registry (typically one of https://kserve.github.io/website/latest/modelserving/v1beta1/serving_runtime)
        version: "1"    # Replace if needed with art.model_format_version from model registry
```
